README.md, before:

# RustCrypto: ASM hashes [![Project Chat][chat-image]][chat-link]

Assembly implementations of hash functions core functionality based on code from
[Project Nayuki](https://www.nayuki.io/).

Crates in this repository provide only core compression functions, for full hash
functionality please refer to the crates from
[RustCrypto/hashes](https://github.com/RustCrypto/hashes) repository. With
enabled `asm` feature `md5`, `sha-1`, `sha2` and `whirlpool` crates will use
code from this repository.

## License

All crates licensed under the [MIT license](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

### Contribution

Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution intentionally submitted
for inclusion in the work by you, as defined in the Apache-2.0 license, shall be
dual licensed as above, without any additional terms or conditions.

[//]: # (badges)

[chat-image]: https://img.shields.io/badge/zulip-join_chat-blue.svg
[chat-link]: https://rustcrypto.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/260041-hashes

Commit message:

CI: test on 64-bit Windows (GNU) (#19)
Splits the GitHub Actions configs into `linux`, `windows`, and `cross`
jobs, each configured to test certain targets.

Tests Windows in the 64-bit environment only, as it seems it's not
possible to test MINGW32 builds on 64-bit Windows:

https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/33535#issuecomment-218527623

> The compiler only assumes that it can run executables for its own
> platform, which in this case is x86_64-pc-windows-gnu. That means that
> the compiler is running a 64-bit mingw gcc trying to generate a 32-bit
> executable. The mingw gcc builds, however, do not support this.

README.md, after:

# RustCrypto: ASM hashes ![Rust Version][rustc-image] [![Project Chat][chat-image]][chat-link]

Assembly implementations of hash functions core functionality based on code from
[Project Nayuki](https://www.nayuki.io/).

Crates in this repository provide only core compression functions, for full hash
functionality please refer to the crates from
[RustCrypto/hashes](https://github.com/RustCrypto/hashes) repository. With
enabled `asm` feature `md5`, `sha-1`, `sha2` and `whirlpool` crates will use
code from this repository.

## Supported Platforms

All crates are tested on the following platforms:

- Linux (32-bit and 64-bit x86)
- Windows (64-bit x86, GNU only)
- ARM64 (except `md5`, which is x86 only)

Windows MSVC builds are known to be broken. See [#17].

## Minimum Supported Rust Version

All crates in this repository support **Rust 1.43** or higher.

In the future when the minimum supported Rust version is changed,
it will be accompanied by a minor version bump.

## License

All crates licensed under the [MIT license](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

### Contribution

Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution intentionally submitted
for inclusion in the work by you, as defined in the Apache-2.0 license, shall be
dual licensed as above, without any additional terms or conditions.

[//]: # (badges)

[rustc-image]: https://img.shields.io/badge/rustc-1.43+-blue.svg
[chat-image]: https://img.shields.io/badge/zulip-join_chat-blue.svg
[chat-link]: https://rustcrypto.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/260041-hashes

[//]: # (general links)

[#17]: https://github.com/RustCrypto/asm-hashes/issues/17
